readme.md, before:

# JetBrain's Rust Macro Expansion

This example repository exists to show an issue with JetBrain's &ldquo;new engine&rdquo; for macro expansions in Rust.

I've verified it in CLion 2021.2.2 (Build #CL-212.5284.51) but I assume it's visible in other products as well via the Rust plugin.

The error appears when trying to pattern match an error that uses `thiserror` macros:

![](error.png)

In the example code you'll see that the enum `AnError` derives from `thiserror::Error`.
When matching this type CLion does not pick up on the fact that it does indeed implement `Display`.

There are no errors or warnings when `cargo build`ing this project.

However, Clion does not report this as an issue anymore when switching back to the old macro expansion engine via Settings ->
Languages & Frameworks -> Rust.

![](settings.png)

My assumption is that it's a regression in the &ldquo;new engine&rdquo; behind it.


## Versions Used

- `cargo 1.56.0 (4ed5d137b 2021-10-04)`
- `rustc 1.56.1 (59eed8a2a 2021-11-01)`
- CLion 2021.2.2, Build #CL-212.5284.51

Commit message:

Adds update section to readme now that the issue has been fixed

readme.md, after:

# JetBrain's Rust Macro Expansion

## Update

This has been fixed with version `0.4.164.4409-212` of the Rust plugin.
Make sure to update to at least this version.


## Original Issue

This example repository exists to show an issue with JetBrain's &ldquo;new engine&rdquo; for macro expansions in Rust.

I've verified it in CLion 2021.2.2 (Build #CL-212.5284.51) but I assume it's visible in other products as well via the Rust plugin.

The error appears when trying to pattern match an error that uses `thiserror` macros:

![](error.png)

In the example code you'll see that the enum `AnError` derives from `thiserror::Error`.
When matching this type CLion does not pick up on the fact that it does indeed implement `Display`.

There are no errors or warnings when `cargo build`ing this project.

However, Clion does not report this as an issue anymore when switching back to the old macro expansion engine via Settings ->
Languages & Frameworks -> Rust.

![](settings.png)

My assumption is that it's a regression in the &ldquo;new engine&rdquo; behind it.


## Versions Used

- `cargo 1.56.0 (4ed5d137b 2021-10-04)`
- `rustc 1.56.1 (59eed8a2a 2021-11-01)`
- CLion 2021.2.2, Build #CL-212.5284.51
